Hiter Harris

CodePen Link: https://codepen.io/hharris928/pen/ExxwNog?editors=1100

Review Questions:
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        The process of providing meaning to your content.  It makes website readable and easily interpreted by machines ie screen readers, search engines.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        It's a markup language used to develop electronic documents.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        A modifier of an html element that goes inside of the opening element tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        It's used for the larger more important text like titles.  It should only be used once per section.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img, a

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        <title>, <style>, <meta>, <link>, <script>

    7. What is an id? 
        An attribute that specifies a unique id for an html element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Any html element        

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once

    10. What is a class? 
        An attribute that specifies one or more class names for an html element

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any html element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as you'd like

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank" attribute

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        To give more description to an html element and allow for screen readers

    15. How do I reference an id?
        #id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Section is used for larger sections of the html while div is used for division of smaller blocks of codepen

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        To add styling to an html document

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        An id can only be used once, a class can be used multiple times
        Class - if you want to add class="selfies" to style each selfie image but not every image in the document
        Id - if you want to style one specific image and not every image on the page

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class {}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
        When you select a specific child inside of a specific parent
        It's useful if you have multiple similar parent elements in the same html document

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a {}
        
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-spacing:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transoform: uppercase
        text-transoform: lowercase
        text-transoform: capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px solid black:

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * {}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* CSS here */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm <file>
        It removes it permanently

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Allows you to access previous versions to revert and make changes and allows multiple people to work on one file

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Every few minutes

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
        Create your own version of a repo
        Add TL as collaborator
        Clone repo
        Create your own branch
        Submit PR
        Add TL as reviewer

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        Inline has no line break before or after it
        Block has some whitespace above and below it and does not allow any HTML elements next to it

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        It's positioned relative to the nearest element

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        position: fixed

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
        A box wraps around each html element with the content width/height, padding, border, and margin